[docs] Enforce component style rules for Tree View (#14963)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/rich-tree-view/editing/editing.md

## Change the default behavior

By default, blurring the Tree Item saves the new value if there is one.

> To modify this behavior, use the `slotProps` of the Tree Item 2.

Author: ```suggestion
To modify this behavior, use the `slotProps` of the `<TreeItem2 />`.
```
